so I finally got the package I've been
waiting for it for quite a while now but
yeah wow this is sick dang i got it at
winning an anger Envy on the bottom it
looks so nice oh there's another that
too may take seems to be pretty nice
really thin I got to cheat whoa this is
awesome I know if you can see it applies
but they go like white why then red red
and then white again here's the deck
perfect holes nice landing
now this deck is amazing whoa CDV house
a perfect counter sunken so the backside
too well yeah I mean these things looks
really sick all of them so there's
nothing else that I can say except that
just go pick up some text from it thanks
for watching bye